Update data loss section with new links and fix typos (#447)
rockstor/rockstor-doc: data_loss.rst

.. _dlthread_monitoring:

Web-UI and Data Integrity threat monitoring
-------------------------------------------

> The modern Rocktsor Web-UI is able to indicates btrfs 'device missing', and btrfs sensed errors;

Reviewer: Just a typo.
```suggestion
The modern Rockstor Web-UI is able to indicate btrfs 'device missing', and btrfs sensed errors;
```
